Create sns-topic-following.mdx (#5671)
dfinity/portal: docs/building-apps/governing-apps/nns/using-the-nns-dapp/nns-dapp-sns-topic-following.mdx

![Delegate Voting modal](../../_attachments/sns_topic_following_delegate_voting_empty.png)

* You do not see any green ticks. This does not mean that vote delegation is not active — it just means that you haven't set up _topic-based_ vote delegation for any of the topics. Indeed, if you have so-called legacy following (based on proposal types), the SNS governance will still apply those rules if you haven't covered the proposal type by any topic.

- **Step 5:** To see your legacy following, you can select the arrow next to a topic. You will see all underlying types for which you have vote delegations set.

![Legacy delegates](../../_attachments/sns_topic_following_topic_with_underlying_choices.png)

- **Step 6:** To remove the legacy following, you have two options:
a) You can use the cross next to the delegate, which will remove the particular choice for this proposal type.  
b) You can delegate voting power based on the topic — this will automatically overwrite/remove all choices for the proposal types that fall under the chosen topic in this SNS DAO. 

> ## Legacy vote delegation: special case "Catch-All"
> 
> In the legacy vote delegation (based on proposal types), there was a special case called "Catch-All". If you followed a neuron on the catch-all, this would include following the neuron on all non-critical proposal types. 
> 
> * To see the legacy catch-all following, follow steps 1–5 above. If you have legacy catch-all following, this is also shown when you expand the information for a given topic.
> 
> ![Catch-all applied](../../_attachments/sns_topic_following_shows_catch_all_applied.png)
> 
> - **Step 6:** To remove the legacy following, you again have two options:
>   a) Since you cannot remove the catch-all in just one topic, there is an option to remove it for all topics, called "Deactivate catch-all". You can find it next to the non-critical topics, as the catch-all is only applied to non-critical proposals.  
>   b) You can set following for all topics. As soon as you cover all non-critical topics, the catch-all is removed, as it is not relevant anymore (all proposals are covered with an explicit choice already).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Legacy vote delegation: special case "catch-all"

In the legacy vote delegation (based on proposal types), there was a special case called "catch-all." If you followed a neuron on the catch-all, you followed it on all non-critical proposal types. 

To see the legacy catch-all following, follow steps 1–5 above. If you have legacy catch-all following, this is also shown when you expand the information for a given topic.

![Catch-all applied](../../_attachments/sns_topic_following_shows_catch_all_applied.png)

To remove the legacy following, there are two options:

1. Since you cannot remove the catch-all in just one topic, there is an option to remove it for all topics, called "Deactivate catch-all." You can find it next to the non-critical topics, as the catch-all is only applied to non-critical proposals.  

2. You can set following for all topics. As soon as you cover all non-critical topics, the catch-all is removed, as it is not relevant anymore. All proposals are covered with an explicit choice already.
```

- #### Step 2: To see your legacy following, you can select the arrow next to a topic. 

You will see all underlying types for which you have vote delegations set.

![Legacy delegates](../../_attachments/sns_topic_following_topic_with_underlying_choices.png)

- #### Step 3: Remove legacy following.

To remove the legacy following, you have two options:

1. You can use the cross icon next to the delegate, which will remove the particular choice for this proposal type.  

2. You can delegate voting power based on the topic. This will automatically overwrite/remove all choices for the proposal types that fall under the chosen topic in this SNS DAO. 

## Legacy vote delegation: special case "catch-all"

In the legacy vote delegation (based on proposal types), there was a special case called "catch-all." If you followed a neuron on the catch-all, you followed it on all non-critical proposal types. 

To see the legacy catch-all following, follow steps 1–5 above. If you have legacy catch-all following, this is also shown when you expand the information for a given topic.

![Catch-all applied](../../_attachments/sns_topic_following_shows_catch_all_applied.png)

> There are multiple ways to remove the "Catch-All" following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to remove the "catch-all" following:
```
